for over a decade the Eclipse high
powered portable extractor has been one
of the market leaders in the
professional carpet cleaning industry
with its three and four vacuum motor
models and many other unique features
the Eclipse gives you truck mounted
power with all the conveniences and
environmental benefits of a portable now
clean craft has made a new technological
improvement to the Eclipse that makes it
the first and only portable extractor on
the market to have reroute bypass
technology this exciting new technology
eliminates the emergencies that come
with an out of commission extractor if
you have been cleaning carpet for any
period of time you know that one day
your pumping system will go down
whether it is your pump a water line
your heater or any other plumbing
component in your machine if your
pumping system is leaking or broke you
are out of work the only way you can
avoid costly delays and angry customers
is if you have a backup extractor
however the costs associated with having
a backup machine in good running
condition doesn't make economic sense if
you don't have a backup machine but had
the foresight to have a new pump in
stock you still may not have time to fix
your extractor before you lose jobs and
get angry customers with a Down Machine
it may be days before you are back in
business what if the Eclipse had a
built-in safeguard introducing the
Eclipse built-in reroute bypass
technology every model of the Eclipse
now comes standard with this new
technology which reroutes the internal
water supply and bypasses it to a
special fitting added to your Eclipse
imagine never having to worry about a
broken-down extractor if your pumping
system is down or leaking you simply
take advantage of this new technology so
the next obvious question is how do you
take advantage of the reroute bypass on
the Eclipse this is where the Eclipse
bypass pump box comes into play the
Eclipse bypass pump box is an added
accessory that can be purchased to work
with your standard built-in reroute
bypass on the Eclipse
simply connect the Eclipse bypass pump
box to your Eclipse extractor and run
your solution hose in one from this box
you are now ready to start cleaning
again it is that easy no having to get
out your tools and mess with diagnosing
and fixing the problem in front of your
customer just get back to work
the Eclipse bypass pump box is quality
made with a 220 psi pump forced venting
system cord wrap lighted on/off switch
and a convenient visual feed hose the
220 psi pump gives you the cleaning
power you need to continue your work
without skipping a beat the Eclipse
bypass pump box will help you save face
in front of customers and give you the
time you need to operate your business
until you have the proper replacement
parts required to fix your down eclipse
extractor don't you wish all equipment
had built-in backups the owners of clean
craft the maker of the Eclipse come from
a carpet cleaning background and know
the frustrations professional cleaners
encounter this is why the Eclipse now
comes standard with reroute bypass
technology just in case you're cleaning
technicians want to take advantage of
our failsafe backup the Eclipse bypass
pump box for more information on the
Eclipse extractor or the Eclipse bypass
pump box please visit our website WWL in
craft comm or give us a call at eight
hundred five two five three two six one
the Eclipse is again leading the pack
and raising the bar for the next
generation of portable extractors